he held the stick and started pushing it
into my
bottom he kept pushing and I kept
pulling away finally I managed to twist
my body and move away then I
collapsed we saw warnings on social
media that Israeli settlers were
planning to attack Palestinians on
October the 12th people were terrified
and started backing their
[Music]
belongings settlers chased us then I saw
women and children I wanted to escape
but I would rather they caught me than
the women or
children he hit me on the head with a
rifle here it was
[Music]
bleeding
the attacker said do you remember me he
was wearing an army uniform but I've
seen him before he's a settler I asked
for water to drink he said I would bring
you some then started shouting and
urinating on me by then it was hard to
feel
anything I almost broke down but I
didn't I held on because they want us
humiliated not only that they want USP
killed or
dead okay I'm going back I'm going
back felt like I had been in AB prison
or in guantan Pay I was in Shak for 5
hours then I remember what's happening
in Gaza and I reminded myself I'm still
alive I'm still
[Music]
breathing we have two options to be
scared of the truth or to tell the truth
if we stay scared we will have deeper
trauma if we break down the occupation
wins make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz